Ankur Gupta: Hey everybody, I'm doing a test on, uh…
Ankur Gupta: live transcription. I want to verify if these transcripts.
Ankur Gupta: Uh, first of all, are they visible for…
Ankur Gupta: other…
Ankur Gupta: Members the meeting to see.
Ankur Gupta: Secondly, I want to see if these transcripts are available for…
Ankur Gupta: Uh, download, copy, or use for further use later on, after the meeting's over.
Abhiram B.N.: So, as a participant, I'm trying to see if, uh…
Abhiram B.N.: The captions are visible just to me, or to everybody else.
Abhiram B.N.: And secondly, I want to see the…
Abhiram B.N.: Captions are, uh, downloadable…
Abhiram B.N.: To me, or to everybody else.
Ankur Gupta: I have…
Ankur Gupta: So, as of now, I have disabled the show captions feature.
Ankur Gupta: I'm going to end the meeting and find out if…
Ankur Gupta: Anything is available in the Zoom portal, in the form of transcripts. Thank you.